well howdy they're gonna have people
let's bow again hey he's wearing a
different hat I am and one of you is
gonna get it today is one of my favorite
holidays today is think a criminal day
August 22nd it's the brainchild of a guy
named Brian
Brian's thesis was that sure maybe
soldiers protect freedom but it's
criminals that obtain it for you and
that is a bold claim but is it wrong is
it wrong
think about your heroes I'm willing to
bet that a majority of them were
criminals heretics depending on how far
back you go in the United States Martin
Luther King is more or less a universal
hero you know when people ask me what
they need to read to get him
I say letters from Birmingham jail yeah
he had a mug shot that doesn't do it for
you
read the Declaration of Independence
every signature at the bottom of that
thing
belonged to a criminal every one of them
if you treat your kids seizures with a
substance that used to be illegal you
have a criminal to thank for that for
not giving up the fight a very wise
person once said that to change society
you have to change the law I disagree
disagree to change society you have to
change thought the wall will follow
now this holiday obviously doesn't mean
that all criminals are good but there's
an underwriting idea that if there's no
victim there's not really a crime and
those are the criminals that are
remembered on this day in that vein I
want to talk about a guy musty are going
to know his name so before I talk about
him I want to talk about some of his
supporters
Jesse Ventura John McAfee Jeffrey Tucker
these are all people that have spoken
out on his behalf
yeah that's all one kind of guy they all
kind of line up a little bit
Noam Chomsky Neil Franklin Keanu Reeves
we'll throw in a celebrity the guy's
name is Ross Olbrich you probably don't
know that name probably doesn't ring a
bell
but his website will Silk Road probably
heard of that probably heard all kinds
of things about that most of them are
true but what was Silk Road well it
turned into eBay for drugs I mean that's
really what it turned into
but what was it supposed to be in Ross
his own words it was supposed to be
about giving people the freedom to make
their own choices to pursue their own
happiness
however they individually saw fit
consenting adults can do whatever no
victim no Cronk
it's what it was supposed to be little
idealistic he called himself naive later
what did he get for his efforts to life
sentences plus 40 years for a first-time
nonviolent offender
it's insane it is insane brings up the
question is prison about rehabilitation
or punishment if it's about punishment
we got to let him out because the
punishment does not fit the crime if
it's about rehabilitation we need to
take some other things into
consideration I never met the guy
I haven't I know some of his friends and
I mean no offense when I say this but
I've read a lot of the things that he's
written and said he strikes me as a
nerdy Eagle Scout that would build a
website based on an idea it's how it
strikes me and now he is staring down
the barrel of two life sentences plus 40
years in a federal prison he's the very
definition of scared straight this guy
is not going to reoffended danger to
society he never was he was a
non-violent offender when people talk
about the case and they say free Ross
they talk about the case they don't talk
about him they talk about the case
because it's interesting let's just say
there were some irregularities in it his
sentence heavily relied on things that
he was charged with but never convicted
of and then after his sentence
well those charges were dismissed with
prejudice some of the agents on his case
want to go into prison I don't have to
go through all of this because you guys
are you guys you're gonna go over to
free Ross org and you're gonna read
about it because there's a whole lot
more crazy stuff
that it's an interesting read it is but
it's not it's not relevant to think a
criminal day not really what is is that
when we finally accept the idea that if
there is no victim there is no crime
when that becomes enshrined in our
thought and we understand that people
can just be left alone we're gonna have
to look back at a kid who built a
website at 26 years old who wound up
getting two life sentences plus 40 years
for an idea we're gonna have to
recognize him as one of those thought
changers as one of those people who made
this possible
who made that idea come forward he's
gonna be one of those people that we
look back at and say that guy paid the
price the problem is the price we're
asking him to pay is too high it is too
high
life in the federal system means life
it's not like the state system where you
get a life sentence and you can get out
there there's no number year that
coincides with that life means life
there's a petition over on free Rostow
to work a little red bar up at the top I
want to say right now it's at one
hundred ninety five thousand something
like that they're trying to get to two
hundred thousand if he isn't granted
clemency he will die in a cage
he won't get out
he won't get out that's uh that's a
little much for a website that's a
little much if you're gonna share this
share this video share it with the
hashtag thank a criminal day and hash
tag free Ross if you decide to crack
open a beer and celebrate thank a
criminal day remember if you're in the
u.s. you had a criminal tank for the
fact that you can drink a beer criminals
have changed the world and they will
continue to anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night